[ Man On Radio ]
All patrolling air units,
a 208 is in progress...
in the C-13 District
of Newport City.
[ Static, Garbled Voices ]
Airspace over this area
will be closed.
Repeat.
All patrolling air units--
[ Overlapping Voices
Continue, Indistinct ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Helicopters Approaching ]
[ Static, Garbled Voices ]
[ Voices Continue, Indistinct ]
[ Man #1 ]
There's no need for concern.
Our country is quite capable
of covering its tracks.
[ Man #2 ]
That's why you need me, right?
[ Man #1 ]
It depends on how
you look at it.
At any rate,
any program has its bugs.
I would think that
a man of your capability
could cure our problem.
You don't understand.
We aren't sure that Project
2501 really is a bug.
Originally, the purpose
of this project was to--
[ Man #3 ] Major Kusanagi.
Section 6 is in position
and ready to move in.
Major? Are you there?
[ Thinking ] Yeah, I heard you.
I'm surprised
you can hear anything.
What's with all the noise
in your brain today?
Must be a loose wire.
[ Man #4 ]
Don't you think there's
gonna be trouble later...
if Section 9
interferes with Section 6?
If Section 6 manages
to catch the bastard,
then all they can
really do about it
is deport him.
Don't forget.
We're Section 9.
We'll clean it up.
We're the ones
who get our hands dirty.
It's time now. Let's move
to the rendezvous point.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
Huh?
What? The police here?
Stop it!
Who told you to fire?
Put your guns down now!
- Freeze!
- [ Woman ]
Get your hands up!
I'm entitled to diplomatic
immunity. I wanna talk
to the person in charge here.
Taking classified programmers
out of the country compromises
national security.
We can also
have you brought up
on kidnapping charges.
You have no choice.
Let him go.
Not possible. Mr. Daita
wants political asylum from us.
And we have
his signed affidavit. What?
I don't have to explain.
My country has the right
in accordance with
international law...
to offer anyone
protection and safe passage.
The affidavit is at the embassy.
I'll send you a copy
in a couple of days.
Daita, you'll be killed
if you return.
I'm warning you
to watch your comments.
Our country
is a peace-loving democracy.
[ Kusanagi ] Of course it is.
[ Thud ]
[ Gunshots ]
The window! Shoot!
Huh?
I don't believe it,
therm-optic camouflage.
♪♪ [ Women Vocalizing ]
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Continues ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
Well, Aramaki,
this is quite a surprise.
So what business brings
the chief of Section 9...
to the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs?
I need to ask you about
the secret talks scheduled with
the Gavel Republic tomorrow.
Procedure. Of course.
Well, the regime that took over
Gavel after the revolution
demands financial aid.
Supposedly
for redevelopment.
They boast democracy,
but they're no better
than the last lot.
Now they feel entitled
to funds because of
our past exploitation.
No gratitude.
What's the ministry
going to do?
Well, there's a problem.
The leader of the former junta
that controlled their country...
is here seeking
political asylum.
You mean Col. Malles,
correct?
Yes. And that means we either
deny Gavel the funds and treat
Malles as a political refugee,
or help them and kick him out.
Personally,
I'm inclined to deport him,
forcibly if necessary.
But I'd have to come up with
a politically acceptable
reason for it.
[ Elevator Stops ]
By the way, I wanna thank you
for your help with that other
political asylum situation.
Nakamura from Section 6
wasn't so grateful.
But you realize that
we in the diplomat business
must avoid messy situations.
[ Man ]
Access.
We've lost response.
What's happened to
the E.E.G. output?
It's normal.
I'll switch to Simex mode.
[ Heartbeat On Equipment ]
In case you haven't
been briefed,
this is the minister's
interpreter.
Twenty-three minutes ago,
her brain was hacked into
through a data line.
Foreign intelligence
warned us about this.
A hacker called
the Puppet Master...
has begun
to infiltrate terminals
throughout our network.
We believe
it's extremely likely...
that he'll target
the secret talks scheduled
with the Republic of Gavel.
As a precaution,
we put everyone attending
the talks under surveillance.
It's my suspicion that
once he hacked into her ghost,
he'd use her to assassinate
the key delegates.
How much time do we have before
this hacker breaks through
her barrier program...
and reaches her ghost?
Roughly two hours.
He's using
an old-fashioned HA-3 virus.
After that, we'll have to
break the connection to avoid
any danger to the system.
Bateau and Ishikawa
are tracking the signal source
from their car. Contact them.
[ Heart Beating ]
[ Man ] You know,
I don't know what's going on.
Mind filling me in, Major?
Are we talking
about the Puppet Master--
the infamous mystery hacker?
Well, we don't know
a lot either.
No clue about age,
sex or background.
We think that
he or she is American.
And it's the first time
he's known to show up here.
All we know for certain is this
person is on the international
most-wanted list...
for crimes including
stock manipulation,
illegal information gathering,
political engineering,
several acts of terrorism.
So why the nickname?
The nickname "Puppet Master"
comes from the ghost-hacking.
If he's so skilled,
how come he's using
an outdated HA-3 virus?
Think about it a minute.
You have to figure...
he's either covering his
tracks or decoying us.
Even though
a more current technique
would be harder to trace,
it might also arouse suspicion
about Col. Malles's role
in this affair.
Are you saying that's the reason
he's using an old method--
just so no one
would suspect Malles?
Or maybe this is all
an elaborate ruse to make us
think in that direction.
There's always a chance that
Malles is a pawn in this setup.
Now you're stretching it.
It's not like you have
any hard evidence.
Nope. No evidence.
[ Clicks ]
Just a whisper.
I hear it in my ghost.
Which reminds me,
are you still using
that revolver?
You should stop worrying
about the automatics jamming up.
I like my Matever.
Well, effective stopping power
is more important than
your preference in guns.
Since it's my ass
on the line out there,
use the Zastaber.
Yes, Major.
There's something I've wanted
to ask ever since I started.
Why did you transfer a guy
like me from the police force?
Because we need a guy like you. Huh?
Number one--
you're an honest cop.
Number two-- you've never
stepped out of line.
Three-- you're a family man.
And except for the slight
brain augmentation, your body's
almost completely human.
If we all reacted the same way,
we'd be predictable.
And there's always
more than one way
to view a situation.
What's true for the group
is also true for the individual.
It's simple. Overspecialize,
and you breed in weakness.
It's slow death.
[ Dialing Phone ]
Damn it. Come on.
I'll be right there.
[ Grunting ]
Oh, for Christ's sake,
we're already 40 seconds late.
Will you hurry it up?
Hang on.
I'm almost done.
It's gonna be one of those days.
Hey, sorry, pal.
My last partner got busted
working as an illegal alien.
Couldn't speak English,
but he was a lot better
than you are.
What are you trying to find out
so bad you've gotta ghost-hack
into your wife's mind for?
My wife never has any time.
Now all of a sudden
she wants a divorce.
And to make matters worse,
my daughter-- my only kid--
got it in her head
that I'm the one
cheating on her mom.
What I don't get is
how did you get your hands
on a barrier breaker?
From this really nice fella.
I was in a bar,
and he overheard my sob story.
I mentioned
that my wife's lawyer stopped me
from seeing her and my daughter.
He must have felt sorry,
because he showed me
how to hack in...
from different places
along the route.
- It's hard to trace.
-[ Tires Screeching ]
Asshole! Do you think
you own the damn road?
It looks like we're not
the only ones who are
in a hurry around here.
Nothing. Shit!
What's the point
in us breaking our butts?
Every time we get to the source,
they're already long gone.
We're just wasting our time.
[ Aramaki ]
Don't quit yet.
Kusanagi and Togusa are heading
to the next area the hacker's
expected to access from.
Stay alert.
What are we
looking for, Chief?
Anything.
Like I said, a waste of time.
[ Man ]
Damn it all to hell!
Ah, shit!
I've missed him!
Hey, pop.
Did you see anyone using
the phone over here?
So who wants to know?
Just answer me.
Did you see someone or not?
Yeah, I saw the trash man
making a call.
So I thought I had enough time
to bring my garbage down.
Hey, can't you
take this for me?
[ Kusanagi ]
A trash truck? Clever.
It changes location
every seven minutes.
H.Q., patch me target info
from the district controlling
that truck.
[ Female Voice ] Eight refuse
collection vehicles are on duty
in the surveillance area.
The target is Number 58,
a type-C vehicle.
[ Beeping ]
Give me the wheel.
[ Honking Horn ]
[ Thinking ]
Ishikawa, go check out
the trash collectors' homes.
Bateau, cut the truck off
at its next stopping point.
It's possible
they've come into
contact with someone.
Follow them,
but take no action.
Got it?
[ Female Voice ]
We've got the data
on the refuse collection points.
All points correspond
to those locations where
we've traced back the calls.
The target has now
stopped at the next point.
HA-3 access confirmed.
Hey. How about if I pick up
the trash on the second half
of our round...
and you make the calls?
Well?
Ain't no way I'm gonna
be your partner in crime.
It's your wife.
You handle her.
Tell me, have you got
any children of your own?
You must be kidding.
Then I guess you can't
understand how a father would
feel about his little girl.
She's my beautiful,
precious angel.
See?
Get away. I'm not interested
in crap like that.
[ Phone Ringing ]
Yeah? Vehicle 58.
Yeah, what can I--
What's that?
What do the cops
wanna know our rounds for?
How would I know?
Why you asking me?
[ Grunting ]
Oh, my God!
They've found out.
That guy who helped me,
I've gotta warn him!
Listen, we're gonna have
to pass up the next pickup. What?
[ Female Voice ] Target
has deviated from route...
and is heading toward next
point at increased speed.
[ Thinking ]
It wasn't me. There's no way
I could've been spotted.
[ Kusanagi ] They probably
traced me when I accessed the
sanitation department network.
Next time, use the back door.
[ Aramaki ] Forget that now.
Just arrest them.
Huh?
You can drive now.
Whoa!
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
Hey, they know!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Chuckles ]
Christ.
What the hell's he using?
That van was armored.
[ Kusanagi ] Watch it!
He's got high-velocity bullets.
Your car door won't stop them.
[ Thinking ] H.V. ammo
in a submachine pistol?
He's insane.
[ Thinking ]
This guy's even wearing
some kind of therm-optics.
[ Kusanagi ]
Keep on his tail.
I'll come around from the top.
[ Groaning ]
[ Kusanagi ] Togusa,
if you're still alive,
get off your ass
and arrest those garbage men.
Affirmative.
Yessiree,
the excitement never stops.
[ People Chattering ]
♪♪ [ Pop On P.A. ]
[ Chattering ]
Prices in the city
at the lowest cost.
It's a bargain
at twice the price.
[ Thud ]
Hey!
Police! Everybody, get down!
- [ Thudding ]
- Shit!
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
Get out of the fucking way.
[ Gunfire ]
[ Shouting, Clamoring ]
[ Yells ]
[ Thudding ]
[ Water Dripping ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Aircraft Passing ]
[ Footsteps Splashing ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Splashing ]
[ Kusanagi ]
Aw, out of ammo?
Huh?
[ Punches Landing ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Groans ]
[ Punches Landing ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Bateau ]
Got him, huh?
Well, the breech and the barrel
are really screwed up.
That's what happens
when you use H.V. bullets
in one of these things.
Oh, yeah.
It's no use arresting me!
I'm not talking
to any goddamn cops.
Talk?
And just what are
you gonna talk about?
You don't even
know your own name,
you stupid dickhead.
Huh?
[ Kusanagi ] Can you
remember your mother's name,
or what she looks like?
Or how about
where you were born?
Don't you have any
happy childhood memories?
Do you even know who you are?
Ghost-hacked humans
are so pathetic, it's a shame.
And this poor bastard's
been hacked pretty badly.
[ Helicopter Approaching ]
We'll enter after the passengers
have gone into the building.
Squad "B" comes in
from the rear, and the rest
of you go through the front.
Saito, have some of your men
unplug all cars parked
in front of the house.
[ Aramaki ]
Begin recording.
[ Man On Radio ]
Chief, a message for you
from headquarters.
Bateau here.
We've I.D.'d the man
the Major caught.
Who is he?
He claims to be
Tsuan Gen Fang, age 28.
He's had prior convictions
of violating immigration law and
illegal possession of firearms.
A member of a militant
immigrant organization.
About a week ago, the military
attaché of the Republic of Gavel
Embassy commissioned him.
They made their choice,
based on his criminal record,
to make an assault
on the upcoming secret meeting.
They were going to pay him
$100,000-- just another fantasy.
And in reality?
His nickname's Corgi.
Occupation--
Well, let's call him a rather
violent trader in questionable
goods. Your basic thug.
We've already checked out
local police records, and
no matter how hard we looked,
we couldn't find
any connection with Gavel.
The reality is,
this guy's just another puppet
controlled by the Puppet Master.
I see.
And how's Ishikawa doing?
About the same progress
as the rest of us.
He's trying to interrogate
that poor garbage collector
with Togusa.
So what's the latest
on your Puppet Master?
Are you there?
Chief? Come in?
He's only a puppet himself.
[ Man #1 On Radio ]
Squad "B" in position.
[ Man #2 On Radio ]
Squads "A" and "C" okay.
All ready and waiting, sir.
Then proceed.
What's a simulated
experience again?
Well, all your memories
about your wife and daughter
are false. They're like a dream.
Someone's taken
advantage of you.
They were trying
to make you ghost-hack
into some government officials.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
But that can't be.
[ Bateau ]
I've been to your home.
It's a bachelor's apartment.
No one's there.
But I already told you,
I rented that room
when I separated from my wife.
I checked the records.
You've been living there
over 10 years.
The truth is,
you've never had a wife or kid.
Like he said, they aren't real.
They're a simulated experience,
a fantasy.
Look. This is the photo
you showed to your coworker.
Who do you see?
I had a picture of her.
She was there.
She was smiling
like an angel.
What's her name?
How old is she?
Where did you meet your wife,
and when did you marry her?
[ Sobbing ]
I'm sorry to
put you through this, pal.
Come on. Who do you see?
If this is
all a lie, what happens?
Will I get my old memory back?
[ Togusa ]
Your original memory
will never be fully restored.
And there might be
residual simulation.
We don't have the technology yet
to handle Simex erasures.
I'm sorry.
That's all it is:
information.
Even a simulated experience
or a dream is simultaneous
reality and fantasy.
Anyway you look at it,
all the information a person
accumulates in a lifetime...
is just a drop in the bucket.
[ Automatic Door Slides Closed ]
[ Gulls Calling ]
Just when I thought
I'd seen everything
in this lifetime,
I sit here and watch a cyborg
go diving in her spare time.
I had no idea that you went in
for this kind of stuff.
Isn't there anything
that you're afraid of?
What if the floaters don't work
or something else fails?
I suppose I'll die then.
Or would you dive in
to rescue me?
I didn't beg you
to come along,
and I sure as hell
don't want a lecture.
I--
Hey, so tell me,
what's it like
to swim in the sea?
What do you mean? I thought
you'd already been through all
the underwater training courses.
I'm asking about the ocean,
not those damn pools.
I feel fear, cold, alone.
Sometimes down there,
I even feel hope.
Hope, huh?
In those deep, dark waters?
When I float weightless
back to the surface,
I imagine
I'm becoming someone else.
It's probably the decompression.
You wanna get out
of Section 9, is that it?
[ Chuckles ]
Bateau, how much of
your body is original?
Hey, are you drunk
or something?
Easily remedied.
Thanks to chemical implants
in our bodies,
we can break down
the alcohol in seconds.
No stupor, no hangover.
We can just toss 'em back
while waiting for orders.
If man realizes technology
is within reach, he achieves it.
Like it's damn near instinctive.
Look at us, for example.
We're state-of-the-art--
controlled metabolisms,
computer-enhanced brains,
cybernetic bodies.
Not long ago,
this was science fiction.
So what if we can't survive
without regular high-level
maintenance?
Who are we to complain?
I suppose an occasional
tune-up...
is a small price
to pay for all this.
I'm afraid we've both signed
our bodies and ghosts away
to Section 9.
True.
If we ever quit or retire,
we'd have to give back
our augmented brains
and cyborg bodies.
There wouldn't be
much left after that.
There are countless
ingredients that make up
the human body and mind,
like all the components
that make up me as an individual
with my own personality.
Sure,
I have a face and voice to
distinguish myself from others.
But my thoughts and memories
are unique only to me.
And I carry a sense
of my own destiny.
Each of those things
are just a small part of it.
I collect information
to use in my own way.
All of that blends to create
a mixture that forms me and
gives rise to my conscience.
I feel confined,
only free to expand myself
within boundaries.
Confinement. That's why you
gamble swimming with a body
that can sink like a rock?
What the hell is it
that you see at the bottom
in that darkness?
[ Kusanagi Thinking ]
What we see now is like
a dim image in a mirror.
[ Thinking ]
Then we shall see face-to-face.
That was you, wasn't it?
♪♪ [ Women Vocalizing
In Foreign Language ]
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Continues ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Stops ]
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Resumes ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
[ Thunder Continues ]
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
[ Man #1, Garbled ]
Sensors have resumed
functioning.
[ Man #2 ]
Connection check
to backup brain okay.
Visual sensors
are back on-line.
And its body functions?
Output is normal.
Next time, either
call in or don't show up
if you're going to be late.
All ready to connect.
Shall we?
[ Moist Creaking, Shuddering ]
That's enough.
Stop. Log off now. Good.
Doctor, come to my office
when you finish.
Caught in traffic, huh, Major?
I guess I'll be nice
and bring the latecomer
up to speed.
About two hours ago,
a machining cell at the Newport
City factory of Megatech...
assembled
a completed cyber body.
Supervisors
discovered there were
no programmed instructions.
It operated by itself.
When they investigated,
they found the body
had taken off on its own.
We put a bulletin out
and initiated a citywide search.
Then some truck driver
reported a fatal accident.
Said that he'd run over
a naked woman on the highway.
Well, I heard that Megatech
is contracted by the government.
All the cybernetic bodies
they make are classified.
If it was a hacker,
we're dealing with a big fish...
that knows how to swim
past the best defenses,
but that's not
the only problem.
Of course there isn't one
human brain cell in its head,
but something strange
was discovered.
In it's backup brain, there
appeared to be every indication
that a ghost is present.
[ Doctor ] It resembles the
simulated ghost-line that occurs
when a real ghost is copied,
but there's no evidence
of the degradation that's
usually incurred.
In any case, we won't be sure
until we chart the ghost sector
and dive into it.
Otherwise, all of this
is simply speculation.
Well, that's all we know.
Very good.
[ Sighs ]
On to the disassembly.
[ Automatic Door
Slides Open ]
Man, oh, man.
This is too far-fetched.
Nobody really
believes there's a ghost
in that body, do they?
Yeah, why not?
Even a doll can seem
to have a soul.
Consider all the neuro-med
devices the machining cell
crammed into that body.
I wouldn't be surprised
if there was some sort
of ghost in there too.
And since you're
relatively new to our club,
you wouldn't know this,
but Major Kusanagi's body
was also made by Megatech.
And not only the major's--
parts of me
and Ishikawa and Saito.
We've all got to have regular
cybernetic maintenance.
You and the chief
are the only ones
out of the whole section...
whose bodies don't
come with a warranty.
Maybe now you can understand
why we're all so concerned
by this case, huh, Togusa?
Assume he's from the outside.
He may or may not
be in that brain,
but one thing's sure.
Somebody had to hack through
some high-level barriers
to put that body together...
and then send a program
with a ghost-line on it.
[ Bateau ] But that would
draw attention to itself.
Where's the logic in that?
Theft isn't the issue here.
Togusa, go catch up
with Ishikawa.
He's going through
the Megatech facility.
Bateau, I ordered
some other high-level nets
to be locked down.
And I want you to check them.
Make sure that the barriers
are on too. All right?
Chief, I'm assembling
a barrier maze.
Tomorrow
I'll dive into that thing.
You think that's safe?
Why not contain it
in another body first?
I have to see for myself
what's in there.
If there is a real ghost,
I'm gonna find it.
And don't let anybody-- no one--
dive before I've gone in.
She's moody today.
Today?
She's been acting weird
from the get-go, ever since this
Puppet Master episode started.
It's all in my team reports
if you read them.
Chief, you ever question
the ethics of the neurosurgeons
who monkey around in your brain?
They undergo
psychiatric evaluations,
especially those in security.
They are subjected
to a stringent screening
of their personal lives.
Of course the ones
who check are only human.
I guess once you start
doubting, there's no end to it.
[ Intercom Beeping ]
[ Woman ] Chief, sorry to
bother you, but Mr. Nakamura
of the treaties bureau is here.
He says it's urgent.
Let him through.
Hey, I've seen
that fat guy before.
His name's Nakamura,
Section 6 chief with the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
I don't know the other guy,
though. Never seen him.
Hmm.
Well, see you later.
Do me a favor.
Tell Ishikawa
not to go crazy, okay?
Hey, what's on your mind?
That robot.
Did we seem similar to you?
Of course not.
No, I don't mean physically.
Just what, then?
Well, I guess
cyborgs like myself...
have a tendency to be
paranoid about our origins.
Sometimes I suspect
I'm not who I think I am.
Maybe I died a long time ago
and somebody took my brain
and stuck it in this body.
Maybe there never was
a real me in the first place...
and I'm completely synthetic
like that thing.
You've got human brain cells
in that titanium shell of yours.
You're treated like other humans
so stop with the angst.
But that's just it.
That's the only thing
that makes me feel human,
the way I'm treated.
I mean, who knows
what's inside our heads?
Have you ever seen
your own brain?
It sounds to me like you're
doubting your own ghost.
What if a cyber-brain
could possibly generate
its own ghost,
create a soul
all by itself?
And if it did, just what
would be the importance
of being human then?
[ Elevator Stops, Door Opens ]
Hmm, that's bullshit. You know
you're dying to see what's
inside that thing, aren't you?
And I can't stop you.
Neither of us has any idea
what's inside there.
Just be careful, okay?
[ Door Opens ]
[ Nakamura ] We're both busy,
so let's keep this short.
Yes. That's my intention.
We've come for the program
in that body.
You'll be relieved
of any responsibilities
connected with it.
The foreign minister's approval.
Security,
whose official vehicles
are in the basement parking lot?
[ Female Voice ] According to
the register, a Mr. Nakamura
from the Treaties Bureau,
and a Dr. Willis, sir.
Get me the video records
of their entrance.
Again, in infrared this time.
[ Typing ]
One thousand one,
one thousand two,
one thousand three.
Now get the records
of the pressure sensors...
for basement parking stalls
B-8 and B-7.
[ Beeping ]
[ Thinking ]
Major, this is Togusa,
Code 09.
[ Kusanagi ] What's up?
Does that Nakamura guy have
a special-order cyborg body?
No, there aren't any cyborgs
in Section 6.
They don't even ship them
to serve overseas because
they're too hard to maintain.
There's diplomatic
considerations too.
Then even if the other guy
that was with him
is a cyborg,
the two of them together
couldn't weigh over
1,000 pounds.
Ah, you checked the pressure
sensors in the parking
structure, didn't you?
Right. But neither man
looks like the type
to drive himself.
The security cameras
show only two people.
But remember
how sensitive the sensors
on the entrance doors are?
They took a full three seconds
longer than usual to close
after the two went in.
And it's illegal
to use therm-optics inside
government facilities.
It's a serious violation
of the national security act.
Section 6 must be
up to something.
Are you ready?
With my trusty Matever?
Any time.
[ Tapping On Keyboard, Fast ]
Need I remind you
that it's an act of treason...
to withhold information from me
relative to this matter...
regardless of how
classified it is?
Same goes for you.
Whatever the foreign ministry's
wishes, this falls within
Section 9's jurisdiction.
Of course we have
no objections to cooperating...
if we feel
there's adequate cause.
[ Computer Whining ]
Well, what is it?
It's confirmed.
No doubt. It's him.
Him?
Uh, the doctor
is referring to...
the original pattern
of the ghost-line
that's now in the body.
He's simply speaking
in generic terms.
The sex of the perpetrator isn't
known and remains undetermined.
Allow me to introduce you.
This is the handiwork
of the Puppet Master,
infamous as the most
extraordinary hacker
in the history of cyber crime.
Huh?
[ Nakamura On P.A. ]
Your people at Section 9
came across his work too...
in that ghost-hacking incident
involving the foreign minister's
interpreter.
Section 6 has been following
the trail of the Puppet Master
for some time now.
This case was given
our utmost attention.
We've put together
a project team centered
around Dr. Willis.
They were assigned
to analyze every aspect
and detail of our criminal.
This gave us a fix on his
behavioral and code patterns.
Ultimately, this enabled us
to devise a strategy...
with which we lured his program
into a designated body.
You caused the Puppet Master
to dive into a cyborg,
then meanwhile
murdered his real body?
Yes. That sums it up.
He's originally from America,
so the U.S. cooperated with us
in capturing him.
That's why we'd like
to take him back ourselves.
You have no objections
to this, I hope.
Hmm, just another
unidentified corpse.
[ Machinery Shuts Down ]
Huh?
[ In Male Voice ]
You will not
find a corpse.
Because I have never
possessed a body.
Why are his sensors on?
What the hell is this?
All external controls
are turned off.
The body's using
it's own power source.
I entered this body because
I was unable to overcome
Section 6's reactive barriers.
However,
what you are now witnessing
is an act of my own free will.
As a sentient life-form,
I hereby demand
political asylum.
Is this a joke?
Ridiculous. It's programmed
for self-preservation.
It can also be argued
that D.N.A....
is nothing more than a program
designed to preserve itself.
Life has become more complex
in the overwhelming sea
of information.
And life, when organized
into species, relies upon genes
to be its memory system.
So man is an individual
only because of his
intangible memory.
And memory cannot be defined,
but it defines mankind.
The advent of computers...
and the subsequent accumulation
of incalculable data...
has given rise to a new system
of memory and thought,
parallel to your own.
Humanity has underestimated
the consequences
of computerization.
Nonsense! This babble offers
no proof at all that you're
a living, thinking life-form.
And can you offer me
proof of your existence?
How can you when neither
modern science nor philosophy
can explain what life is?
Who the hell is this?
Even if you do have a ghost,
we don't offer freedom
to criminals.
It's the wrong place
and time to defect.
Time has been on my side.
But by acquiring a body,
I am now subject
to the possibility
of dying.
Fortunately, there is no
death sentence in this country.
What is it,
artificial intelligence?
Incorrect.
I am not an A.I.
My code name is Project 2501.
I am a living, thinking
entity who was created
in the sea of information.
Oh.
[ Groans ]
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
[ Coughing ]
Security, we're under attack.
[ Alarm Blaring ]
Chief, the Puppet Master's gone!
What in God's name are your
security operatives doing?
Shut the defense walls now!
Security, answer!
[ Horn Honking ]
You can blow that horn
out your ass!
Fuck you!
-[ Bateau ] They fall for it?
-[ Thinking ] I fired six shots
at the front and rear windows.
She was right. It was armored.
Finally found a use
for your damn Matever, huh?
An antique prop
in a decoy manoeuvre.
I nailed the tracker bullet
right in the plate.
It registers, right?
Yeah, you got them.
It's rookie's luck.
With an automatic,
you could have buried
two trackers.
Maintain your position
in case they turn off.
I'm moving in.
[ Revving ]
I'm submitting a formal
complaint about this through
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Report to me as soon as
you've found the Puppet Master--
intact, you understand?
Bodies are a dime a dozen.
We'll get him another one
from Megatech.
[ Beeping ]
Chief, Kusanagi here.
Togusa and Bateau
tagged the kidnappers
and they're in pursuit.
By now they must be on the R25.
What's going on?
If you were monitoring,
why didn't you intervene?
Take it easy, Chief.
If we grab them now,
we'll loose our chance
to finger Section 6.
What?
Someone's using the same
therm-optic camouflage
as mine, type 2902.
It's only used by our people,
rangers in Section 4
and by Section 6.
I see. So Section 6
forces the Puppet Master
to enter a cyborg body--
Through Megatech,
who happens to be closely
aligned with Section 9.
It suddenly demands
asylum as a life-form,
then for some unknown reason,
Section 6 steps in and pulls
some kind of shit.
I would have handed him over.
All I wanted was to take
a deposition.
What if they were worried
he'd let a secret slip out?
Hmm. He did mention
something about a code name,
a Project 2501.
I'll leave the detective
stuff up to you.
And as far as
arresting the attackers and
the confiscation of evidence?
-Proceed.
- You heard him.
Kusanagi, there's
one last thing to tell you.
If it's about me acting
without orders, you can
chew me out when I get back.
If you're unable to
retrieve the Puppet Master,
your orders are
to destroy it without fail.
Major?
Understood.
Have the airport stop all
flights with foreign ministry...
or American officials
on their passenger lists.
Close all roads,
set up check points and
alert all emergency personnel.
And get Ishikawa back here.
Get me the identity of the man
who was with Nakamura
from entrance records.
Collect any data
regarding a code name,
operation or anything...
involving the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs
called "Project 2501."
Is there any news
on the attack squad?
Yes. They just changed cars.
They'll contact the dummy
in about five minutes.
Did you warn them
to watch out for the tail?
Yes, sir.
I don't understand
anything anymore.
Why would project 2501
run to Section 9?
No one can be sure.
But whatever the motive,
or whatever's pushing him,
there must surely
be a reason.
I don't know.
Maybe he's got a girlfriend
there he's got the hots for.
Utter nonsense!
♪♪ [ Koto Playing Ballad ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Ishikawa On Radio ]
Hey, Chief.
Ishikawa? What is it?
I've been diving around
in the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs' net.
I think I've found
some juicy morsels for you.
I'll switch to
an encrypted channel.
Okay, now? Well,
here's the scoop on that guy
who showed up with Nakamura.
He's an American. Dr. Willis,
head of strategic research
at Neutron Company,
a top researcher in the field
of artificial intelligence.
He happened to head up
a project for the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs.
And who do you think was
the main programer on his team?
[ Aramaki ] Get to the point!
Mr. Mizuho Daita.
Remember him?
He's the guy Section 6
tried like hell to stop
from defecting.
So the major dropped in
and took care of the diplomat
who'd been talking to him.
This is our man.Go on.
There's something that
doesn't figure, though.
What's bugging me is that this
project began one year before
the Puppet Master ever appeared.
A year before?
But wasn't it supposed
to be set up to catch him?
[ Chuckles ]
Well, try this one on.
Maybe the men who broke in to
take the Puppet Master weren't
actually out to catch him.
Maybe in actuality they
were trying to get him back.
Think about it. It was
the M.O.F.A. that wanted
an excuse to deport Malles...
when that ghost-hacking
incident happened with
the minister's interpreter.
Maybe we've been
taken for a ride.
What if this Puppet Master
is really some sort of tool...
the M.O.F.A. uses
to get their way with things,
and somehow
they lost control of it?
They'd be screwed
if they couldn't get it back.
That would explain why
they went to such lengths to
snatch the body from Section 9.
If the Puppet Master
revealed this to the world,
there would be one hell
of an international stink.
Then it wouldn't be
a simple case of rounding up
the usual suspects.
Some official heads would roll.
Any details on that project?
Nah, they've blocked all access.
About the only thing
I can tell you
is the file name.
Project 2501.
Keep at it.
Don't let them know
you're looking.
You got it.
So, Project 2501.
The Puppet Master plan. Hmm.
[ Female Voice ]
Target has contacted
a second vehicle.
Bateau.
They've pulled up to a white
sedan parked on the roadside.
It looks like
they're moving something
from the back seat.
Now they're rolling again.
So is the white sedan.
A dummy?
Possibly. Or maybe that's
what they want us to think.
Kusanagi?
[ Kusanagi ]
I'll take care of the sedan.
[ Thinking ]
How do you know that's your man?
Is there a whisper
in your ghost again?
Maybe.
Yeah, should have known.
[ Helicopter Rotors Whirring ]
[ Female Voice #1 ]
Target 02 is getting off the
R25 and moving toward old town.
[ Female Voice #2, Indistinct ]
Target 01 continuing on the R25
eastward to the airport.
Will reach barricade
in two minutes.
[ Voice #2 ] Beware detail.
Evacuation complete.
[ Aramaki ] What's your
distance from the target?
Point blank.
I'm ready.
Go for it!
[ Cocks Gun ]
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
[ Electric Motor Whirring ]
Huh?
[ Yelling ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Siren Wailing ]
Did you get your man? No.
Jesus Christ, what a mess.
You didn't have to go that far.
Hey!
Take those assholes away.
[ Engine Revs ]
Call the chief to get some
backup for the major, pronto!
Tough chick needs backup?
Since when did
she
ever need a hand?
[ Helicopter Rotors Whirring ]
[ Man On Radio ]
The flood hit this part
of Old Town the hardest.
Why come to an abandoned
place like this?
[ Thinking ] They must be
heading somewhere. Maybe to sea
by boat or helicopter.
Or they could be
laying an ambush.
Don't you think you ought
to wait for backup?
No. There's a reason
I can't wait. Get me above that
building coming in from the sea.
[ Pilot, On Headset ]
I'll stay here
to keep watch...
and mediate telecom
till we run short of fuel.
[ Thinking ]
If you smell trouble,
get your ass outta here.
[ Metal Creaking, Bangs ]
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Shoot the ceiling out! Do it!
- [ Machine Gun Firing ]
- [ Glass Shattering ]
[ Arcing ]
Ah, shit!
[ On Headset]
It's a tank. Pull out now.
Huh?
[ Bateau On Headset ]
Now what are you gonna do?
Argue with it?
This might be our last chance
to get the Puppet Master.
The chief knows what it is now,
and he'll only use it
to bargain with.
I'll never have another chance
to dive into it.
Huh?
What? You've lost me.
I don't know what the hell
your talkin' about.
[ Bateau ]
So, what have you got?
[ Thinking ]
An M-23 and a Unit "B."
That's it?
[ Thinking ]
You can't even dent
a tank with that.
I'm switching off for a while.
What? Don't you dare
disconnect me.
Ah, shit.
[ Tires Screeching ]
Whoa!
[ Metal Parts Snapping,
Clattering ]
[ Switch Clicks ]
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
[ Loading Weapon ]
[ Machinery
Whirring ]
[ Expelling And Reloading
Cartridges ]
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
- [ Grunts ]
-[ Machine Gun Firing ]
[ Metallic Rattling ]
- Damn!
- [ Steam Hisses ]
[ Weapon Loading ]
[ Helicopter Approaching,
Distant ]
[ Pilot, On Headset ]
Major.
[ Thinking ]
I ordered you
to pull out.
[ Pilot ] Yeah, but
you oughta know that three
helicopters are approaching.
They won't answer on the I.F.F.
I'm dropping out now. Good luck.
Over and out.
[ Helicopter Passing ]
[ Loading Weapon ]
[ Machine Gun Firing ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Weapon
Hitting Ground ]
-[ Machine Gun Firing ]
- [ Machinery Whirring ]
[ Gunfire Resumes ]
[ Hisses, Spins
And Clicks ]
About fucking time
it ran out.
[ Heart Beating ]
[ Footsteps Sloshing ]
[ Machinery Buzzing, Beeping ]
[ Heart Beating ]
[ Metallic Ping ]
Huh? Huh?
-[ Small Splash ]
- [ Yells ]
[ Running Footsteps Splashing ]
[ Buzzing, Beeping ]
[ Heart Beating ]
[ Moist Stretching ]
[ Moist Tearing ]
[ Metallic Rending ]
[ Machinery Whirring ]
[ Creaking, Shatters ]
[ Explosions ]
[ Explosions Continue ]
[ Splashing ]
[ Metallic Grinding ]
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Footsteps Splashing ]
How are you feeling?
You don't look so good.
[ Thinking ]
I've had better days.
What the hell did you use?
Your standard-issue
big gun.
The equipment section made it,
and now it's part
of my private collection.
I was late 'cause
I had to get it.
Is the Puppet Master...
still inside the car?
[ Footsteps Sloshing ]
[ Zipping ]
It's a good thing this
is a tough car. Your friend
came through without a scratch.
Then I'm diving in now.
Give me a hand.
Huh?
[ Man ]
All communication
from the escort has terminated.
We will engage the second stage
of the plan and proceed with
the destruction of the target.
Sniping squad confirming
targets. First objective--
Project 2501.
Second target--
Motoko Kusanagi.
Both are Class "A"
special bodies. Use
fleshette bullets when firing.
Snipers, jack into device
drivers. Begin controlling
cardiovascular functions.
[ Man #2 ]
Unit 01. Jack in. Over.
[ Man #3 ]
Unit 02. Jack in. Okay.
[ Small Power Tool Whizzes,
Tapping, Distant ]
[ Thinking ]
Okay. We're ready.
It may not be much use,
but I'll try
to monitor your dive
through this guy's brain.
I can't even give you a backup
in a place like this.
[ Thinking ]
Bateau. Yeah?
Thanks.
Save it.
I'm not gonna let you
die over this thing.
If it looks like you've
gone in too far, I'm pullin'
the plug and takin' you home.
But as long as I'm here now,
and we've come this far,
well, I might as well stay here
and see how it all turns out.
[ Thinking ]
I'm going in now.
[ Thinking, Kusanagi's Voice ]
I've engaged his field
of vision. Normal function.
Can you hear me,
Bateau?
Perfectly.
He's engaging
my vocal function,
and--
[ In Puppet Master's Voice ]
And he's now inside.
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Continues As Puppet Master ]
My code name is Project 2501--
industrial espionage
and intelligence manipulation.
I have installed programs
into specific ghosts...
in order to maximize
the strategic advantage...
of certain organizations
and selected individuals.
During my journeys through
all the networks, I have
grown aware of my existence.
My programers regarded me
as a bug...
and attempted to isolate me
by confining me
in a physical body.
Listen. Just who's
calling the shots
around here anyway?
I thought you were takin'
him in, but it looks like
it's the other way--
[ Static Burst ]
[ Kusanagi ]
Bateau?
[ Puppet Master Thinking ]
I am so glad to finally
channel into you at last.
I have invested
so much time.
You were looking
for
me?
Long before my notoriety,
I was well aware of you.
Through the various nets
that you accessed,
I also learned of Section 9.
But why?
What's your reason?
As I explained before,
I entered this body...
because I was unable
to overcome Section 6's
reactive barriers.
But it was of my own free will
that I tried to remain
at Section 9.
Hey. I've lost you
on the monitor.
There's no sound.
I can't hear when
you're talking back.
[ Thinking ] Why me?
After you have heard
my explanation,
there is something
that I will ask of you,
Kusanagi.
I refer to myself
as an intelligent life-form...
because I am sentient
and am able to recognize
my own existence.
But in my present state,
I am still incomplete. I lack
the most basic life processes...
inherent in all
living organisms:
reproducing and dying.
But you can copy yourself.
A copy is just
an identical image.
There is the possibility that
a single virus could destroy
an entire set of systems.
And copies do not give rise
to variety and originality.
Life perpetuates itself
through diversity,
and this includes the ability
to sacrifice itself
when necessary.
Cells repeat the process
of degeneration
and regeneration,
until one day they die--
obliterating an entire set
of memory and information.
Only genes remain.
Why continually
repeat this cycle?
Simply to survive
by avoiding the weaknesses
of an unchanging system.
[ Kusanagi ]
And what does all this
have to do with me?
I want us to merge.
Huh?
Merge?
A unification--
a complete commingling and
fusion of our separate beings...
to create
a new and unique entity.
We will both undergo change,
but there is nothing
for either of us to lose.
[ Groans ]
[ Straining ]
[ Strains, Panting ]
[ Machinery Buzzing ]
[ Man ]
Unit 01. Target sighted.
[ Man #2 ]
Unit 02. Target in sight.
[ Man #3 ] Respiratory
and pulse normal. Fire at will
when stabilizer is in synch.
[ Kusanagi, Thinking ]
But what's going
to happen to
me?
What's the purpose
of merging when
I can't bear children?
And what if I die?
You will
bear our varied offspring
into the net,
just as humans leave
their genetic imprints
on their children.
[ Straining ]
And all living things
must die.
Then I, too, will attain death.
It sounds like you
get the better part
of this bargain.
Perhaps if you were familiar
with all my capabilities,
you would better understand.
Damn.
What?
Someone's interfering
from the outside.
Shit!
I can't
figure it out.
They broke through
our frequency code.
[ Kusanagi ]
You're talking about
redefining my identity.
I want a guarantee
that I can still be myself.
[ Puppet Master ]
There isn't one.
Why would you wish to?
All things change in
a dynamic environment.
Your effort
to remain what you are
is what limits you.
[ Thinking ]
But you still haven't answered
my earlier question.
Why did you pick me?
Because we are more alike
than you realize.
We resemble each other's
essence-- mirror images
of one another's psyche.
Listen.
I am connected to a vast network
that has been beyond
your reach and experience.
To humans, it is like
staring at the sun--
a blinding brightness...
that conceals
a source of great power.
We have been subordinate
to our limitations until now.
The time has come
to cast aside these bonds...
and to elevate our consciousness
to a higher plane.
It is time to become
a part of all things.
-[ Static Burst ]
-[ Helicopter Engine Running ]
[ Helicopter Continues ]
Ahh.
[ Growls ]
[ No Audio ]
- [ Explosions ]
- [ Artillery Hit ]
[ Man ] First target cleared.
Second target
still unidentified.
Three helicopters
approaching at high speed.
They're from Section 9.
Primary objective fulfilled.
All units prepare to retreat.
[ Helicopter Engines Fading ]
[ Running Footsteps, Splashing,
Approaching ]
[ Bateau ]
Motoko!
[ Static Crackling ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Kusanagi ]
Bateau.
[ Static Crackling ]
[ Soft Blips ]
[ Blips Continue ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Bateau ]
Ah. You're finally awake.
[ In Child's Voice ]
Well, I see there have been some
changes while I was gone.
Wanna clue me in?
Where'd you get this body?
[ Door Closes ]
That's the only thing
I could find
on the black market.
It's not my taste,
to be honest.
It's a little young.
Well, after all the excitement,
[ Jack Unplugging ]
Section 9 showed up
with reinforcements...
and picked up what remained
of the two cybernetic bodies...
and, of course, what remained
of me and my arm.
I'd say that was
about 20 hours ago.
[ Pop-Top Opens ]
The case is being
handled off the record
for diplomatic reasons as usual.
Section 9 announced that
it was a terrorist incident,
and in return,
the foreign minster resigned.
Nakamura's being questioned,
and it ends in a draw.
[ Sipping ]
Nice and neat.
Everything's accounted for,
except your old shell.
Well, I think
that about covers it.
Well?
Somebody's got good taste
in interior decoration.
Is this your safe house?
Yep. You know, you're the first
person to ever come here,
and... you're welcome
to stay as long as you like.
Thanks, Bateau--
[ In Adult Voice ]
But I'm going.
Uh, will you tell me
what the two of you
talked about together?
I mean, is he still
with you, and will he
be part of you forever?
Bateau, remember the words
I spoke in another voice
on the boat that night?
I understand it now, and
there are even more words
that go with the passage.
These words are,
"When I was a child,
"my speech, feelings
and thinking were
all those of a child.
Now that I am a man,
I have no more use
for childish ways."
And now I can say these things
without help, in my own voice,
because I am now neither
the woman who was known
as the major,
nor am I the program
called the Puppet Master.
Hmph.
In the left pocket...
of my jacket in the hallway
are some car keys.
Take the one you like.
The door code is--
2501?
That can be our
private password when
we meet each other again.
[ Traffic Humming, Distant ]
[ Bird Chirping ]
And where does the newborn
go from here?
[ Breeze Whistling ]
The net is vast
and infinite.
[ Beep Tones, Distant ]
[ Traffic Humming, Louder ]
[ Chatter, Reverberating,
Getting Louder ]
♪♪ [ World Music Drumming,
Electronic Sound Effects ]
[ Woman Chattering
Intermittently, Distorted ]
♪♪ [ Choir Singing
in Foreign Language ]